Add RAM requirement (#1218)
iv-org/invidious: README.md

$ docker-compose build
```

### Linux

> To manually compile invidious you need at least 2GB of RAM. If you have less you can setup SWAP to have a combined amount of 2 GB or fall back to Docker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To manually compile invidious you need at least 2GB of RAM. If you have less you can setup SWAP to have a combined amount of 2 GB or use Docker instead.
```
